Cover Bulk Injection of Properties and ConfigValue instances (#167)
quarkus-qe/beefy-scenarios: 022-quarkus-properties-config-all/README.md

4.2 To create the custom converter POJO class must be created if you're not overriding any of the
supported classes (e.x. String, Boolean, Double, etc.)

> 5. Configuring using injection of Bulk Of Properties into an Scoped Bean. 

Reviewer: Append: Introduced in MicroProfile Config 2.0

Author: Updated

> 6. Injecting a `ConfigValue` instance from MicroProfile Config 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Injecting a `ConfigValue` instance. Introduced in MicroProfile Config 2.0
```

Author: Updated
